metrics: accept any viable target update (#1797)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/metrics/show.md

> This kind of metrics can be defined with the `-m` (`--metrics`) and `-M`
> (`--metrics-no-cache`) options of `dvc run`.

If `targets` are provided, it will show those specific files instead, even if

> they are not marked as `metric` type in `dvc.yaml`. With the `-a` or `-T`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they are not marked `metrics` in `dvc.yaml`. With the `-a` or `-T`
```
